sprint_time_log.md, before:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Logan Cowley

Sprint #: 2

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|5/28/25   |2:00      |MTG     |Planning Meeting                            |  1 Hour     |
|5/29/25   |3:40      |IM      |Research and created an Echo server         |  1 H 30 M   |
|5/30/25   |2:00      |MTG     |Stand Up Meeting                            |  1 Hour     |
|6/3/25    |2:00      |TP      |Finished Database Desgin and implimented it |  1 Hour     |
|6/4/25    |12:00     |IM      |Made a server that connects multiple clients|  2 Hours    |
|6/4/25    |2:00      |MTG     |Team Review Meeting                         |  1 Hour     |
|6/5/25    |6:00      |IM      |Created a Global Messaging System           |  1 Hour     |
|          |          |        |                                            |             |

_Note: Add more rows as needed._

## Sprint Totals

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |

Commit message:

made hangman game for the server

sprint_time_log.md, after:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Logan Cowley

Sprint #: 2

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|5/28/25   |2:00      |MTG     |Planning Meeting                            |  1 Hour     |
|5/29/25   |3:40      |IM      |Research and created an Echo server         |  1 H 30 M   |
|5/30/25   |2:00      |MTG     |Stand Up Meeting                            |  1 Hour     |
|6/3/25    |2:00      |TP      |Finished Database Desgin and implimented it |  1 Hour     |
|6/4/25    |12:00     |IM      |Made a server that connects multiple clients|  2 Hours    |
|6/4/25    |2:00      |MTG     |Team Review Meeting                         |  1 Hour     |
|6/5/25    |6:00      |IM      |Created a Global Messaging System           |  1 Hour     |
|6/5/25    |10:00     |IM      |Added Private Messaging                     |  1 Hour     |
|6/6/25    |9:00      |IM      |Made a Hangman game for the Server          |  1 Hour     |

_Note: Add more rows as needed._

## Sprint Totals

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |
